Add Import from BigQuery (table or SQL output) (#245)
lynxkite/lynxkite: web/app/help/operations/import-from-bigquery-standard-sql.asciidoc

### Import from BigQuery (Standard SQL result)

> Execute a BigQuery Standard SQL query and get the result via Storage API.
> Some BigQuery-specific datatypes like ARRAY<STRUCT> may not be fully supported within LynxKite
> More information here: https://github.com/GoogleCloudDataproc/spark-bigquery-connector/tree/0.25.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute a BigQuery Standard SQL query and get the result as a table. (See also <<Import from BigQuery (raw table)>>.)

Some BigQuery-specific datatypes like `ARRAY<STRUCT>` are not fully supported within LynxKite.

BigQuery access is provided through the https://github.com/GoogleCloudDataproc/spark-bigquery-connector/tree/0.25.0#apache-spark-sql-connector-for-google-bigquery[Apache Spark SQL connector for Google BigQuery].
```

====
[p-parent_project_id]#GCP project ID for billing#::
The GCP Project ID for billing purposes. This may be different from the dataset being read.
`roles/bigquery.readSessionUser` and `roles/bigquery.jobUser` are both required on the billed project.

[p-materialization_project_id]#GCP project for materialization#::
Used together with dataset ID. Defaults to service account's GCP project if unspecified.
Requires `roles/bigquery.dataEditor` on the dataset.

[p-materialization_dataset_id]#BigQuery Dataset for materialization#::
Place to create temporary (24h) tables to store the results of the SQL query.
Dataset must already exist with `roles/bigquery.dataEditor` granted on it.

[p-bq_standard_sql]#BigQuery Standard SQL#::

> The SQL Query to run on BigQuery. `roles/bigquery.dataViewer` is required for SELECT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SQL query to run on BigQuery. `roles/bigquery.dataViewer` is required for SELECT.
```
